# CS370EmergingTrends

The intention of this project was to train a pirate to run a maze. It used machine learning to instruct the pirate to learn the maze without human intervention. The starter code was fairly extensive, I as provided the maze, and many of the classes that were required. I was tasked with the actual machine learning code for my pirate. 
There are many facets and options for computer science. In general, Computer Scientists create and maintain programs that are used to solve problems or help people. They learn new strategies and methods to take on increasingly complicated tasks, with the expectation of improving the world. Without computer scientists so much technology that we all use daily wouldn't be possible. 
When looking at problems, I like to break them down into manageable sections. I can get overwhelmed if there are too many things that I feel I need to do, seperating them into small tasks that make sense limits this. After setting incremental options and creating a time line I have a much better expectation of what I need to accomplish. This allows me to move through any problem without getting bogged down. It also helps me feel in control. I have learned through many courses, if I am really struggling with specific code, the solution is usually available on the internet, I'm not the first person to have a problem with this specific code. Researching different solutions is something I do much faster now.
As with every career, ethics should be at the forefront when approaching a project. In computer science, hidden bias's inherent in the developer can become a real problem with the end product. Being open and honest, getting input from others and working as a team can mitigate the dangers in this area. 
